Custom plugin documentation (#1222)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/decorators.md

---
# Decorators

> Decorators are a way of changing an API description during bundling. This can be useful for many use cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decorators are a way of changing an API description during bundling. This updating during bundling can be useful for the following use cases:
```
